[Michael I. Jordan]Michael Irwin Jordan (born 1956) is an American scientist, Professor at the University of California, Berkeley and leading researcher in machine learning and artificial intelligence. In the 1980s Jordan started developing recurrent neural networks as a cognitive model. In recent years, though, his work is less driven from a cognitive perspective and more from the background of traditional statistics.He popularised Bayesian networks in the machine learning community and is known for pointing out links between machine learning and statistics. Jordan was also prominent in the formalisation of variational methods for approximate inference[1] and the popularisation of the expectation-maximization algorithm in machine learning. He has published papers in top rated conferences. His paper on LDA is regarded as a best work.
[Michael Jordan] Michael Jeffrey Jordan (born February 17, 1963), also known by his initials, MJ,[2] is an American former professional basketball player, entrepreneur, and principal owner and chairman of the Charlotte Hornets. He played 15 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for the Chicago Bulls and Washington Wizards. His biography on the NBA website states: "By acclamation, Michael Jordan is the greatest basketball player of all time."[3] Jordan was one of the most effectively marketed athletes of his generation and was considered instrumental in popularizing the NBA around the world in the 1980s and 1990s. After a three-season career at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he was a member of the Tar Heels' national championship team in 1982, Jordan joined the NBA's Chicago Bulls in 1984. He quickly emerged as a league star, entertaining crowds with his prolific scoring. His leaping ability, illustrated by performing slam dunks from the free throw line in slam dunk contests, earned him the nicknames "Air Jordan" and "His Airness". He also gained a reputation for being one of the best defensive players in basketball.[5] In 1991, he won his first NBA championship with the Bulls, and followed that achievement with titles in 1992 and 1993, securing a "three-peat".
The multidisciplinary work of Michael I. Jordan, a recently elected member of the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering, is perhaps best introduced by what he calls one of the most fascinating intellectual questions of all time: How does a person reason and make decisions in environments that are uncertain? “Humans are in a world where most of the entities that they care about are not ever explained to them,” says Jordan, professor of Statistics and of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of California at Berkeley. “The world is composed of a sensory stream and somehow we have to figure out what parts of that sensory stream are important, what parts have semantic relevance, and what parts relate to our goals and our needs. Even if we learn all about language and we learn about the meanings of words and are able to perceive and manipulate objects in the world, we still are uncertain,” Jordan says. 
Dr. Eric Xing is a professor in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University. His principal research interests lie in the development of machine learning and statistical methodology, and large-scale computational system and architecture, for solving problems involving automated learning, reasoning, and decision-making in high-dimensional, multimodal, and dynamic possible worlds in complex systems. Professor Xing received a Ph.D. in Molecular Biology from Rutgers University, and another Ph.D. in Computer Science from UC Berkeley. His current work involves, 1) foundations of statistical learning, including theory and algorithms for estimating time/space varying-coefficient models, sparse structured input/output models, and nonparametric Bayesian models; 2) framework for parallel machine learning on big data with big model in distributed systems or in the cloud; 3) computational and statistical analysis of gene regulation, genetic variation, and disease associations; and 4) application of statistical learning in social networks, data mining, and vision. Professor Xing has published over 200 peer-reviewed papers, and is an associate editor of the Journal of the American Statistical Association, Annals of Applied Statistics, the IEEE Transactions of Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, the PLoS Journal of Computational Biology, and an Action Editor of the Machine Learning journal, and the Journal of Machine Learning Research. He is a member of the DARPA Information Science and Technology (ISAT) Advisory Group, a recipient of the NSF Career Award, the Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellowship, the United States Air Force Young Investigator Award, and the IBM Open Collaborative Research Faculty Award. 
[Eric Xing] Eric Xing is a professor at Carnegie Mellon University and researcher in machine learning and statistical methodology.
Michael jordan won the best paper award.
